Porting over some low cost Algorithms (#257)
SciML/NonlinearSolve.jl: docs/src/solvers/NonlinearSystemSolvers.md

  - `FastShortcutNonlinearPolyalg()`: The default method. A polyalgorithm that mixes fast methods
    with fallbacks to robust methods to allow for solving easy problems quickly without sacrificing
    robustnes on the hard problems.
  - `GeneralBroyden()`: Generalization of Broyden's Quasi-Newton Method with Line Search and

>     Automatic Jacobian Resetting. This is a fast method but unstable for most problems!
>   - `GeneralKlement()`: Generalization of Klement's Quasi-Newton Method with Line Search and
>     Automatic Jacobian Resetting. This is a fast method but unstable for most problems!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Automatic Jacobian Resetting. This is a fast method but unstable when the condition number of
    the Jacobian matrix is sufficiently large.
  - `GeneralKlement()`: Generalization of Klement's Quasi-Newton Method with Line Search and
    Automatic Jacobian Resetting. This is a fast method but unstable when the condition number of
    the Jacobian matrix is sufficiently large.
```
